the ancient Catan God's who guides the
actions of the nekron multitudes look
bitterly upon the chaos gods as upstarts
and rivals the necron troops marched in
mindless ranks overwhelming the alpha
Legion just as they would any other
living opponent and yet there was almost
a vindictive heir to the thoroughness
with which they slaughtered the
vanquished soldiers of chaos smashing
their shrines and laying waste to their
buildings the Imperium Elder and tau
looked on as one of the forces of evil
was thoroughly annihilated however as
formidable a threat as Lord flavia's
Karen and his alpha legion Marines had
been their defeat was in no way
encouraging could any living force halt
the tidal wave of nekron death as it
crashed over the planets of the cour of
our system
when the necron legions arrived into sol
appreciated the imperial guard made
every preparation to rebuff their
advance unfortunately few walls are
thick enough and few batteries of cannon
are heavy enough to stop the necrons
once they are moving in full force
despite all the tanks artillery in
tactics you could master general subs
was helpless against the deathless tide
and the Imperial Guard were overwhelmed
the victory was not Swift but it was
absolute the day after the battle not
even the corpses of Guardsmen were to be
found only a host of new necron soldiers
and new monoliths where Imperial bunkers
had formerly stood the necrons had even
discovered the vast generators that had
powered the many factories of the de
Sala precinct and harnessed the energy
for their own terrible purposes
in his last moments of life force
commander boreal suddenly understood the
full extent of his era he had completely
underestimated the threat of the necron
horde with terrifying force they had
poured across the borders of the lands
of Solitude
slaughtering all in their path as the
last flicker of consciousness was
dissipating from his clouded eyes the
great Space Marine reviewed all that had
passed and saw that by the time his
Scouts had spied the necrons through
their scopes his defeat was already
inevitable the Space Marines must revise
their protocols sick men too must be
warned and with that single thought
boreal tried to rise but the fingers of
a cold lifeless hand was suddenly
clamped around his arm his soul had not
yet left his body and now it was Justin
for a more terrible fate than death he
would never join the god Emperor the
brave soldiers of the order of the
sacred rose had fully believed
themselves guarded and sealed against
all assault most of all in their own
Bastion uncover one so the surprise was
great indeed when the necrons came upon
them with irresistible force making
mockeries of their flamers tanks and
acts of faith those weapons might have
sufficed against the mortal in the
living but alas the sisters of battle
faced an entirely different sort of foe
a foe which no prayers succeeded in
averting or casting down
the necrons swarmed across the cities of
sama district swallowing hall all that
moved and crushing all that did not
after this was done where prayers and
organ music had once been heard silence
reigned silence except for the dull
throb of the necron generators and the
dull thunder of the horde marching off
into the distance